Um, so, uh, yeah. Remember this though.
I wanted to talk cause we love this video. I think I know what's coming.
This is Quentin Tarantino stops the camera man.
God. How much does he, okay. Yeah.
How much does he deeply regret and is like, after he does it is like,
Oh no. Okay. I gotta watch it. I forget it. I haven't seen it. So.
What's going on here? How's it going, man? How are you? What's going on here?
No, what's going on here? What are you doing? What are you doing?
Can you talk to me just for, just for the, what are you doing?
It don't move on. Don't do that again.
Kicking on that rule was actually, huh?
How'd you get so far and understand how he gets so far. Go for it. Go for it.
Go, go, go. So scared that it's on camera. Go hit me. Boom.
You started on starting it. Yeah. Are you Ooh, so you know,
she's not just a guy from Rhonda. You're actually a paparazzi guy. Nah,
I can't do it once upon a time. Probably what?
I'd be working your up and down this tree. Yeah. There you go. You know what?
He's greatest film couldn't turn to has ever made. I'm sorry.
He's the like she just is the.
Look at his jacket dude,
wearing that is already like you're the?
Tell you something, man. I agree with everything that happened here.
Where's it going? I don't know. Where did he come from? Where's it going?
Infinitely in Utah. Yeah. He's Sundance.
But also like where's he going there? Finger placement. Yeah.
Oh no it wasn't going on here. No, what what's going on here?
Like he's magician. Yeah. Let me just, you know, he,
this is I'm happy that he slapped him. I don't, I don't think he slapped him.
I think he slapped the camera. Yeah. I'm happy he did that.
He shouldn't slap the guy's face obviously. Um,
but you sh the guy shouldn't just be in his face doing of course.
I think that if a guy is in your face filming you. Yeah, it is.
It should be a rule. It is okay to slap the cameras out of the person.
It is your right American, right. To slap that out of you.
You shouldn't ever physically assault someone, but I think it's okay.
If a guy has a camera on somebody's face on, you know,
what's the word? What unsolicited. Yeah. If it's like, yeah, exactly.
And you're just, you have it. It's Oak,
you basically have signed this contract.
It's okay for me to get smacked at it. You know what I think it is.
It's like they broken the contract.
Like people are constantly not knowing the rules.
And if you don't know the rules and you break the rule, like all bets are off,
right. I'm going to slap that out of your head. Right. And I hope it breaks,
you know, also, but in the video,
how does the person get so far away when Quintin gets
far, but he,
he slaps him and then suddenly there's like a football field between,
is there a cut? No, there's not a cut. Right? I mean,
unless they cut it afterwards, it's unbelieve. You have to watch this turn,
you know, stops the camera, man. If you're watching the video pockets,
you can see it. But he slaps the camera to the head hit.
And it's like, it's like, he's the flash.
All of a sudden he's 20 feet away. Yes. Yeah. It's really weird. Yeah.
Oh, it makes it way funnier. And then, and then
[inaudible] when he does that thing. It's Whoa, man. I know,
but I didn't look if you're here. I also such a good impression. Thank you.
Why the? You know what I'm doing, but so good. I, I,
I actually disagree with you that he feels bad.
I think he feels bad. He's like nervous. Cause it's on camera.
He slapped somebody. I, I, I disagree with that too. I, well,
we talked about it after and you know,
I think what he's doing is coiling up as a snake
and, and I might have to do something else here. Oh, I think he's like, man,
right? I'm acting like cool. I'm going to lure him in and I'm going to,
cause I might, I might fight this guy. I think that's what he's doing.
I don't think that what you're saying is right by the tape again.
I appreciate you saying that.
How's it going, man? How are you? What's going on here? What's going on here,
but that down. What's going on here? What are you? What are you doing?
Can you do, can you not talk to me?
What are you doing that again? That's what?
The shower camera calls. But how was he that far away? He's so far he must ran.
He must have ran hates me. Oh this is.
It hit me. Yeah. that guy. But by the way, that should be in a court of law.
I was like, well, he said hit him. He asked us for it. Yeah.
I agree with that too. Yeah. That's a thing. So here we go.
Go, go, go, go.
Snakes so much though, for real. Cause that's what a snake does. It's like,
okay, look, just come by. I'm just part of the Bush. That's what I'm doing.
Part the Bush. Come on. But
yeah.
That's what he's doing. I already hit him. I know. I understand.
But it was like a love, it was like a smack out of the thing.
I'm going to choke the out of him and it's all good. I'm in a Bush.
So you think he's like luring him in.
Oh, a hundred percent disagree, but I like yours better. So let's just go with,
you know why I know he's coiling. No I don't because he sips his coffee.
There is no way. This is good. This,
he would sip his coffee at this moment unless he was like, look,
I'm just going to act natural. Everything's all I agree with that last bite.
I agree with that as well. But what I think is he's like,
I don't want this guy to like report. Yeah. And he's like,
no, you know, it's all fun. I'm so chill. I'm actually just going to sip.
I'm not even going to punch. I'm not going to kick. I'm gonna sip. And like,
now we can be, we can be like, yeah, no, I, I, I,
but you know, Quintin, Tarantino, you know how he thinks about things. Yeah. No,
he hates this guy. Yeah.
And he thinks there's he thinks basically like I should be able to beat the out
of this guy. Yeah. He should. I should beat this guy. He should. Yeah. And I,
so I think that, I think that my way is right. It's also way funnier.
Well, here's the thing, whether you're right or not. Yeah. I like it's a better,
better. So I believe that now, like anything that can be better,
even if it's not true. That's the thing is now true.
Can you not talk to me just for, just from the, what are you doing?
Well, we got coffee right away.
We'll do your coffee.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go for
the XL. Boom. You started on starting it. Yeah.
So she's not just a guy from Randy. You're actually a puffer. I see guy. Nah,
I can't do it. [inaudible] go ahead.
Head swiveled to kind of do it. Yeah. I love that.
It's going like this extra too. Yeah. Yeah. Sell it. He's selling it.
This is the WWE. Yeah. He definitely is into that. Yeah.
Yeah. You know, you can't do that unless you're filming. Yeah.
But if that was up, I'd be whooping your up and down this side.
The raddest thing anyone's ever done to say that,
to get clarification and then be like, Oh right. Because if that were true,
I'd be whooping your up and down the street. And then to turn around,
walk away from a Starbucks.
I'll push the street with that puffy raccoon food jacket on where I paused it.
I paused it. Look, it looks like it.
Look at where I posted.
It. I'm a wild animal dude. Dude. He,
yeah, because if that were off, if that camera was off, I'd be whipping,
whooping, whooping your up and down this street. sad to say.
So he's a great writer. I was just going to say that. Yeah.
Does it start when we're ready to say it.
I've been in this situation in my head. 90, 15 million. Right, right, right.
Yeah. So I sip the coffee. Okay. Delete, delete sips of coffee.
And here's the deal if it was off. Oh dude. God.
God. Yeah. He's funny. Oh, I love Tarantino. Do it.
He was at the comedy store once. Yeah. And I ate. Oh really? Yeah.
It was so long ago. I was like, I want to go out for a quick, you know,
maybe he'll put me in the next month. This is so long ago and I ate. Sorry.
Yeah. It's okay. I mean, I'm sure he doesn't even know who I am still,
but he was just like, yeah. You know, man, when you bond, he ain't.
And walked away with a big puffy jacket. That's all good. He ain't.
You shouldn't. Um, I mean I've seen that video 300 times. You know what I mean?
How many views does a video like that have not enough, whatever then. Yeah.
Cause that was one of those things that kind of went viral before people really
give a about viral stuff. It shouldn't be more know how many views does it have?
A four mil. Oh, that's a lot lots. A lot, dude. Wow.
He's just a lot. I think he's doing some with Gerard Carmichael. Yeah. I think,
I think, uh, like some, I think I read, I can't remember what it is,
but that's very cool. Yeah. He's yeah.
He's he's just saying I don't like his. I'm like. Yeah dude. Nah,
if that's the thing though,
it's like one of those guys that I've never not liked one of his things,
but I haven't seen all of the things. Right. But uh, I'm, I'm sure, you know,
everybody makes bad movies, but yeah. Like it's such a chore.
It's like make a choice, you know,
and he's making such a choice that it's just
awesome. It's yeah. It's so it's he's so him that's yeah.
When someone is so themselves it's I, even if I don't like it,
I like it know cause I'm like that person is doing a good job.
Look what you just did. I didn't know my own strength
themselves and they're going to go all the way with it.
And he's like the most that, but yeah, right now,